{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green95\blue199;\red98\green98\blue98;\red76\green170\blue65;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c46275\c82353;\cssrgb\c45882\c45882\c45882;\cssrgb\c35294\c70980\c32157;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25440\viewh15900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs60 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Benefits of event-driven architecture\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 There are many benefits to event-driven architecture, could these help your business?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Scale your systems safely and efficiently\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 A distributed, event-driven architecture is flexible for growing businesses and changing needs, and expanding data resources.\uc0\u8232 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Real-time processing\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 An event-driven architecture will allow you to capture and process events in real-time, making your system more efficient.\uc0\u8232 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Loose coupling\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 Create loosely-coupled parts of your architecture to give you a more flexible, failure-proof system.\uc0\u8232 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Real-time analytics\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 Event-driven systems are naturally self-documenting, storing a record of all events and broadcasting them immediately to any receivers, providing you with real-time analytics.\uc0\u8232 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Asynchronous functionality\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 Asynchronicity means you can disregard the linear approach to software design and create something that truly resembles your business domain and customer behavior.\uc0\u8232 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Replay with better tools\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 When you started working on your system, you had a basic tool set. Since then, your tools and analytical capabilities have grown. Replay events with new tools to gain new insights into old data.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
https://www.eventstore.com/event-driven-architecture#:~:text=The%20main%20difference%20between%20event,by%20a%20single%2C%20predefined%20consumer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa498\partightenfactor0

\fs60 \cf2 \strokec2 What is message-driven architecture?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 The main difference between event-driven and message-driven systems is that a message is sent to a pre-determined location, whereas an event is broadcast to any potential listeners. Messages are stored in a queue and are then processed (and usually deleted) once, by a single, predefined consumer.\
\
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
}